# Notice
I am sorry to inform you: Hello, everyone!The reason for the increase in fees on TRON's main network yesterday (according to the latest news, the network has been raised at 2:00 am (Singapore time) on November 25, through polling requests No. 47 and 48 from super representative CryptoGuyInZA: Resource costs on the network have been increased.After this proposal takes effect, more DAPP developers will freeze TRX.The pledge volume of the whole network will be greatly increased, the inflation problem of TRX will also be greatly improved, and the wave field network will be more secure and reliable.Wave field network is still the lowest cost public chain. We believe wave field network will be more prosperous with the efforts of the whole community. Tian Tian lottery drawing fee is larger than TRON network maximum limit, which results in the lottery drawing cannot be done for the time being! Of course, the adjustment of the TRON's handling charges affects not only us but also all Dapps on the main network. The TRON may also adjust the handling charges again. If the handling charges on the main network continue to maintain the current status, the function of everyday lottery may be lost. This does not affect the continued development of our block top, 10% lottery funds will still flow normally in the general contract address, it just makes the game less fun. Of course, if you have any good suggestions, you can also reply to us by email. Address:http://freemangeeks@gmail.com                                                                              
freeman geek team
